but
Mother Russia is famous for great people and
glorifies their great feats today
we honor the memory of the great blessed
Prince Dmitry of Don
Christian piety brought up in
since his birth the prelate Alexis
Moscow for injuring his soul grain
the truth of faith devotion to homeland and love
to your neighbor thanks to this dmitri
Don became a wise and glorious ruler
he devoted himself to a great cause
the union of the Russian lands and
the liberation of Russia from the Mongol-Tatar
oppression when the decisive battle was near
with hordes mom i am prince dmitry
turned for blessing to
Rev. Sergius of Radonezh Elder
inspired the prince to a great victory before
gave him to help two monks with chemists
and defeated the enemy Prince Dmitry
he won a great victory on the wader
field glorious day holiday christmas
Holy Mother and began to be called
his rusichi
Grand Duke Dmytro Donskoy as
Tatars winner near don what
flows near the Kulikov field and Dmitry
Don in honor of the fallen soldiers put
Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin
Yes, arranged the Assumption monastery
the grand duke died early
only 39 years old, but during that time he managed
dmitry don do moscow
principality one of the main centers
unite the Russian lands and enter into
history as a great commander
June 1 st memorial day of great
Prince Dmitry of Don
but